c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Common.dll.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Common.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Common.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Mono.Security.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Npgsql.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Npgsql.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\de\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\es\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\fi\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\fr\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\ja\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\zh-CN\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\obj\Debug\Common.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\obj\Debug\Common.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\obj\Debug\Common.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Common.dll.config
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Common.dll
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Common.pdb
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Mono.Security.dll
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Npgsql.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\Npgsql.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\de\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\es\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\fi\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\fr\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\ja\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\bin\Debug\zh-CN\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\obj\Debug\Common.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\obj\Debug\Common.dll
C:\Users\Exp\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TelephoneDirectoryApplication\Common\obj\Debug\Common.pdb
